----
Title: Penn hacker claims to have stolen 1.2 million donor records in data breach
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/university-of-pennsylvania-hacker-claims-1.2-million-donor-data-breach/
Author: Lawrence Abrams
Published: November 2, 2025
Summary:
A hacker has taken responsibility for last week's University of Pennsylvania "We got hacked" email
incident, saying it was a far more extensive breach that exposed data on 1.2 million donors and
internal documents. On Friday, University of Pennsylvania alumni and students began receiving
multiple offensive emails from Penn.edu addresses claiming the university had been hacked and data
stolen. "The University of Pennsylvania is a dog**** elitist institution full of woke retards. We
have terrible security practices and are completely unmeritocratic," reads the email sent to Penn
alumni and students. "We hire and admit morons because we love legacies, donors, and unqualified
affirmative action admits. We love breaking federal laws like FERPA (all your data will be leaked)
and Supreme Court rulings like SFFA." BleepingComputer confirmed the emails originated from
connect.upenn.edu, a Penn mailing list platform hosted on Salesforce Marketing Cloud. The university
downplayed the incident, describing the messages as "fraudulent emails" that were "obviously fake."
However, the threat actor behind the attack contacted BleepingComputer, claiming the intrusion was
far broader and that they had gained access to multiple university systems. The hacker said their
group "gained full access" to an employee's PennKey SSO account, allowing access to Penn's VPN,
Salesforce data, Qlik analytics platform, SAP business intelligence system, and SharePoint files.
They said they exfiltrated data for roughly 1.2 million students, alumni, and donors, including
names, dates of birth, addresses, phone numbers, estimated net worth, donation history, and
demographic details such as religion, race, and sexual orientation. The threat actors shared
screenshots and data samples with BleepingComputer and posted them online to prove that they had
indeed accessed these systems and stolen data from Penn. The attackers told BleepingComputer they
breached Penn's systems on October 30th and completed data downloads by October 31st, when the
compromised employee account was locked and access lost. After discovering their access had been
revoked, the hacker said they still had access to Salesforce Marketing Cloud and used it to send the
offensive mass email to roughly 700,000 recipients. When asked whether the credentials were stolen
via an infostealer or phishing, the hacker declined to elaborate, saying the intrusion was simple
and caused by Penn's security lapses. The hacker has since published a 1.7-GB archive containing
spreadsheets, donation materials, and other files allegedly taken from Penn's SharePoint and Box
systems. The attacker told BleepingComputer they were not extorting the university, saying, "We
don't think they'd pay, and we can extract plenty of value out of the data ourselves." When asked
about their motivation, the hackers said the attack was not political but aimed at obtaining Penn's
donor database. "While we're not really politically motivated, we have no love for these nepobaby-
serving institutions," the hackers told BleepingComputer. "The main goal was their vast, wonderfully
wealthy donor database." The donor database has not yet been leaked, though the threat actors claim
they may release it in a month or two. When contacted with these claims, the University of
Pennsylvania told BleepingComputer, "We are continuing to investigate." After publishing this story,
The Daily Pennsylvanian reported that Penn has referred the security incident to the FBI. "We
understand and share our community’s concerns and have reported this to the FBI. We are working with
law enforcement as well as other third-party technical resources to address this as rapidly as
possible," stated a Penn spokesperson. With a large amount of donor data now exposed, Penn donors
should stay vigilant against targeted phishing or social engineering attempts. Attackers could use
the stolen information to impersonate the university, solicit fraudulent donations, or gain access
to donor credentials to breach their online accounts. Recipients should treat unexpected messages
about donations with suspicion and verify their legitimacy directly with Penn before responding. As
MCP (Model Context Protocol) becomes the standard for connecting LLMs to tools and data, security
teams are moving fast to keep these new services safe. This free cheat sheet outlines 7 best
practices you can start using today. ‘We got hacked’ emails threaten to leak University of
Pennsylvania data Advertising giant Dentsu reports data breach at subsidiary Merkle FinWise data
breach shows why encryption is your last defense F5 says hackers stole undisclosed BIG-IP flaws,
source code FinWise insider breach impacts 689K American First Finance customers

----
Title: Australia warns of BadCandy infections on unpatched Cisco devices
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/australia-warns-of-badcandy-infections-on-unpatched-cisco-devices/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 31, 2025
Summary:
The Australian government is warning about ongoing cyberattacks against unpatched Cisco IOS XE
devices in the country to infect routers with the BadCandy webshell. The vulnerability exploited in
these attacks is CVE-2023-20198, a max-severity flaw that allows remote unauthenticated threat
actors to create a local admin user via the web user interface and take over the devices. Cisco
fixed the flaw in October 2023, which was then marked as an actively exploited issue. A public
exploit became available two weeks later, fueling mass exploitation for backdoor planting on
internet-exposed devices. The Australian authorities have warned that variants of the same Lua-based
BadCandy web shells are still used in attacks throughout 2024 and 2025, indicating that many Cisco
devices remain unpatched. Once installed, BadCandy allows remote attackers to execute commands with
root privileges on compromised devices. The webshell is wiped from the devices upon reboot. However,
given the lack of a patch on those devices and assuming the web interface remains accessible, the
attackers can easily re-introduce it. "Since July 2025, ASD assesses over 400 devices were
potentially compromised with BADCANDY in Australia," reads the bulletin . "As at late October 2025,
there are still over 150 devices compromised with BADCANDY in Australia." Although the number of
infections is declining, the agency has seen signs of re-exploitation of the flaw against the same
endpoints, even though the breach entities were appropriately alerted. According to the agency, the
attackers can detect when the BadCandy implant gets removed and target the same device to re-
introduce it. In response to the ongoing attacks, the Australian Signals Directorate is sending
notifications to victims that include instructions on patching, hardening devices, and conducting
incident response. For devices whose owners cannot be determined, the ASD is asking internet service
providers to contact victims on their behalf. The ASD mentions that the flaw has been previously
leveraged by state actors such as the Chinese' Salt Typhoon,' who are considered responsible for a
series of attacks against large telecommunication service providers across the U.S . and Canada .
The agency believes that, even though BadCandy can theoretically be used by anyone, the recent
spikes can be attributed to "state-sponsored cyber-actors." Administrators of Cisco IOS XE systems
worldwide, including in Australia, should follow the vendor's mitigation recommendations in the
security bulletin . Cisco has also published a detailed hardening guide for IOS XE devices. It's
budget season! Over 300 CISOs and security leaders have shared how they're planning, spending, and
prioritizing for the year ahead. This report compiles their insights, allowing readers to benchmark
strategies, identify emerging trends, and compare their priorities as they head into 2026. Learn how
top leaders are turning investment into measurable impact. Hackers exploit Cisco SNMP flaw to deploy
rootkit on switches Nearly 50,000 Cisco firewalls vulnerable to actively exploited flaws Cisco warns
of IOS zero-day vulnerability exploited in attacks CISA warns of Lanscope Endpoint Manager flaw
exploited in attacks CISA warns of two more actively exploited Dassault vulnerabilities

----
Title: CISA: High-severity Linux flaw now exploited by ransomware gangs
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/cisa-linux-privilege-escalation-flaw-now-exploited-in-ransomware-attacks/
Author: Sergiu Gatlan
Published: October 31, 2025
Summary:
CISA confirmed on Thursday that a high-severity privilege escalation flaw in the Linux kernel is now
being exploited in ransomware attacks. While the vulnerability (tracked as CVE-2024-1086 ) was
disclosed on January 31, 2024, as a use-after-free weakness in the netfilter: nf_tables kernel
component and was fixed via a commit submitted in January 2024 , it was first introduced by a
decade-old commit in February 2014 . Successful exploitation enables attackers with local access to
escalate privileges on the target system, potentially resulting in root-level access to compromised
devices. As Immersive Labs explains , potential impact includes system takeover once root access is
gained (allowing attackers to disable defenses, modify files, or install malware), lateral movement
through the network, and data theft. In late March 2024, a security researcher using the 'Notselwyn'
alias published a detailed write-up and proof-of-concept (PoC) exploit code targeting CVE-2024-1086
on GitHub, showcasing how to achieve local privilege escalation on Linux kernel versions between
5.14 and 6.6. The flaw impacts many major Linux distributions, including but not limited to Debian,
Ubuntu, Fedora, and Red Hat, which use kernel versions from 3.15 to 6.8-rc1 In a Thursday update to
its catalog of vulnerabilities exploited in the wild, the U.S. cybersecurity agency said the flaw is
now known to be used in ransomware campaigns, but didn't provide more information regarding ongoing
exploitation attempts. CISA added this security flaw to its Known Exploited Vulnerabilities (KEV)
catalog in May 2024 and ordered federal agencies to secure their systems by June 20, 2024. If
patching is not possible, IT admins are advised to apply one of the following mitigations: "These
types of vulnerabilities are frequent attack vectors for malicious cyber actors and pose significant
risks to the federal enterprise," CISA said . "Apply mitigations per vendor instructions or
discontinue use of the product if mitigations are unavailable." Whether you're cleaning up old keys
or setting guardrails for AI-generated code, this guide helps your team build securely from the
start. Get the cheat sheet and take the guesswork out of secrets management. CISA orders feds to
patch VMware Tools flaw exploited by Chinese hackers CISA: High-severity Windows SMB flaw now
exploited in attacks CISA warns of critical Linux Sudo flaw exploited in attacks Google fixes
actively exploited Android flaws in September update CISA warns of Lanscope Endpoint Manager flaw
exploited in attacks

----
Title: US cybersecurity experts indicted for BlackCat ransomware attacks
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/us-cybersecurity-experts-indicted-for-blackcat-ransomware-attacks/
Author: Sergiu Gatlan
Published: November 3, 2025
Summary:
Three former employees of cybersecurity incident response companies DigitalMint and Sygnia have been
indicted for allegedly hacking the networks of five U.S. companies in BlackCat (ALPHV) ransomware
attacks between May 2023 and November 2023. 28-year-old Kevin Tyler Martin of Roanoke, Texas (who
pleaded not guilty), 33-year-old Ryan Clifford Goldberg of Watkinsville, Georgia (in federal custody
since September 2023), and an unnamed accomplice face charges of conspiracy to interfere with
interstate commerce by extortion, and intentional damage to protected computers. If convicted, the
defendants could face up to 20 years in prison for extortion and 10 years for damage to computer
systems. According to the Chicago Sun-Times , which first spotted the unsealed court documents,
Martin worked at DigitalMint as a ransomware threat negotiator (just as the unnamed co-conspirator),
while Goldberg is a former Sygnia incident response manager. The Department of Justice claims the
defendants operated as ALPHV BlackCat affiliates, gaining unauthorized access to the victims'
networks, stealing data, deploying encryption malware, and demanding cryptocurrency payments in
exchange for decryption keys and promises not to leak the stolen information online. Per the
indictment , the group's alleged victims include a Tampa medical device manufacturer, a Maryland
pharmaceutical company, a California doctor's office, a California engineering firm, and a Virginia
drone manufacturer. Prosecutors said the attackers have demanded ransoms ranging from $300,000 to
$10 million. Still, they were only paid $1.27 million by the Tampa medical device company after they
encrypted its servers and demanded $10 million in May 2023. Although other victims also received
ransom demands, the indictment does not indicate whether additional payments were made. As
BleepingComputer previously reported, the Department of Justice was investigating a former
DigitalMint ransomware negotiator for allegedly working with ransomware gangs to profit from
extortion payment deals. The DOJ and the FBI declined to comment when contacted at the time for more
information. It is unclear if this indictment is related to the DOJ's previous investigation. A 2019
ProPublica report revealed that some U.S. data recovery firms have also secretly paid ransomware
gangs while charging clients for restoration services without disclosing these payments. In a
February 2024 joint advisory, the FBI, CISA, and the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS)
warned that Blackcat ransomware affiliates were primarily targeting organizations in the U.S.
healthcare sector. The FBI has also linked BlackCat to over 60 breaches between November 2021 and
March 2022 (the ransomware group's first four months of activity) and said they raked in at least
$300 million in ransoms from more than 1,000 victims until September 2023. It's budget season! Over
300 CISOs and security leaders have shared how they're planning, spending, and prioritizing for the
year ahead. This report compiles their insights, allowing readers to benchmark strategies, identify
emerging trends, and compare their priorities as they head into 2026. Learn how top leaders are
turning investment into measurable impact. Ransomware profits drop as victims stop paying hackers
Hackers now use Velociraptor DFIR tool in ransomware attacks Clop extortion emails claim theft of
Oracle E-Business Suite data Oracle links Clop extortion attacks to July 2025 vulnerabilities Crown
Resorts confirms ransom demand after GoAnywhere breach

----
Title: Hackers use RMM tools to breach freighters and steal cargo shipments
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/hackers-use-rmm-tools-to-breach-freighters-and-steal-cargo-shipments/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: November 3, 2025
Summary:
Threat actors are targeting freight brokers and trucking carriers with malicious links and emails to
deploy remote monitoring and management tools (RMMs) that enable them to hijack cargo and steal
physical goods. Researchers tracked the activity to June, but they found evidence of these types of
campaigns delivering NetSupport and ScreenConnect since January. According to email security firm
Proofpoint, these attacks is becoming more popular, with nearly two dozen campaigns recorded since
August, each of them sending up to a thousand messages. The targets are primarily North American
entities; however, Proofpoint has also observed similar activity in Brazil, Mexico, India, Germany,
Chile, and South Africa. Cargo theft involves stealing commercial shipments by hijacking trucks or
trailers in transit, by re-routing them, or by impersonating legitimate carriers. The goods are then
redirected to fraudulent pickup points. The National Insurance Crime Bureau (NICB) estimates cargo
theft losses in the U.S. to $35 billion annually. Today, cybercriminals focus on exploiting gaps in
the digital segment of the supply chain that helps companies move goods more efficiently. The
attacker’ primary goal is to install RMMs like ScreenConnect, SimpleHelp, PDQ Connect, Fleetdeck,
N-able, and LogMeIn Resolve on the target companies’ systems, which give them full remote control,
reconnaissance, and credential harvesting capabilities. To achieve this goal, they use compromised
accounts for load boards to post fraudulent freight listings, or breach broker and dispatcher email
accounts, and then hijack email threads to lead victims to a malicious URL. According to the
researchers, the threat actor achieves their goal by sending emails directly to asset-based
carriers, freight brokerage firms, and integrated supply-chain providers, but this occurred mostly
for larger entities. At this stage, social engineering plays a key role, where the attackers tailor
their messages for urgent load negotiations and exploit trust in load packets, showing knowledge of
how the freight industry operates. The external pages are well crafted and appear legitimate by
placing convincing carrier branding, and lead to downloading executables or installer MSI files that
install an RMM tool. By means of these tools, which are legitimate software, the attacker can
control the compromised machine and can modify bookings, block dispatcher notifications, add their
own devices to dispatcher phone extensions, and book loads under the compromised carrier’s identity.
“These RMMs are often used in tandem; for example, PDQ Connect has been observed downloading and
installing both ScreenConnect and SimpleHelp,” Proofpoint explains . “Once initial access is
established, the threat actor conducts system and network reconnaissance and deploys credential
harvesting tools such as WebBrowserPassView,” the researchers say. Reconnaissance and credential
harvesting indicate a wider attack purpose that includes pivoting deeper in the compromised
environments. Proofpoint notes that the attacks suggest insider knowledge of the routes, timing, and
high-value cargo types, enabling cybercriminals to select the most profitable shipments to steal.
The researchers believe that the hackers "are working with organized crime groups to compromise
entities in the surface transportation industry" and hijack cargo freight. One carrier company
targeted in such attacks explains that the hackers tricked their dispatcher into installing an RMM
tool and took control of their account. The attacker "deleted every booking email and blocked
notifications" and added their device to the dispatcher's phone extension. This allowed them to
impersonate the victim company and talk directly to brokers. "When booking loads, he used our
official MC email + phone (listed on FMCSA)," a representative of the victim carrier says , adding
that "Brokers, Highway, MyCarrierPackets would call our number and email — the hacker answered,
verified everything, and got the loads." Stolen cargo, which includes commodities such as food,
beverages, and electronics, is physically intercepted or rerouted and later sold online or shipped
overseas. While Proofpoint has observed RMM tools being used in the attacks, the company notes that
information stealers such as NetSupport, DanaBot, Lumma Stealer, and StealC were also deployed in
related activities, although attribution to specific clusters was not possible. Recommended defenses
include restricting the installation of unapproved RMM tools, monitoring network activity, and
blocking .EXE and .MSI file attachments at the email gateway level. It's budget season! Over 300
CISOs and security leaders have shared how they're planning, spending, and prioritizing for the year
ahead. This report compiles their insights, allowing readers to benchmark strategies, identify
emerging trends, and compare their priorities as they head into 2026. Learn how top leaders are
turning investment into measurable impact. LinkedIn phishing targets finance execs with fake board
invites New Atroposia malware comes with a local vulnerability scanner BiDi Swap: The bidirectional
text trick that makes fake URLs look real New CoPhish attack steals OAuth tokens via Copilot Studio
agents Fake LastPass death claims used to breach password vaults

----
Title: OAuth Device Code Phishing: Azure vs. Google Compared
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/oauth-device-code-phishing-azure-vs-google-compared/
Author: Home
Published: November 3, 2025
Summary:
Written by Matt Kiely, Principal Security Researcher at Huntress Come along with me on a journey as
we delve into the swirling, echoing madness of identity attacks. Today, I present a case study on
how different implementations of OAuth 2.0, the core authentication schema used in most identity
providers, can have radically different attack surfaces. The subjects for today’s case study are two
scrappy up-and-coming tech shops straight outta Silicon Valley: Microsoft and Google . Perhaps
you’ve heard of them? Let’s look at how one of my favorite identity attacks, Device Code Phishing,
stacks up between these two identity providers. By the end of this blog, you, dear reader, will
appreciate how the OAuth 2.0 implementation compares between these two identity providers and how
that directly facilitates or negates the blast radius of this extremely over-powered attack. Ready
to get nerdy with it? Let’s get nerdy with it. Before we understand Device Code Phishing, we need to
understand the feature that allows this attack to exist in the first place. Let’s begin with an
implementation independent breakdown of the feature in question and how it is exploited. Time to
meet the device code flow , aka the device authorization grant ! I read the RFC so you don’t have
to. Though I’d recommend it if you’re looking for a sleep aid. The device authorization grant is
used in scenarios where one wishes to authenticate an internet connected device that lacks a
traditional input mechanism like a keyboard, web browser, or the like. The RFC calls these input
constrained devices . Let’s imagine your average IoT printer, smart TV, wifi enabled toaster with a
touch screen, or any other kind of device that is internet connected but lacks a full featured user
interface. If you want to authenticate your wifi-enabled toaster into your cloud tenant (and,
really, who wouldn’t want the thrill of doing that?), you have an issue on your hands. You can’t
browse to the login page of your tenant from your toaster and input your username and password. But
let’s imagine in this scenario that your toaster has a touch screen where you could input a six
digit code. You can’t browse to the login page and type in your username and password, so how could
you authenticate the toaster? The device code flow allows you to: This effectively solves the
problem of authenticating input-constrained devices. Huzzah! Now you can join your toaster to your
tenant. If this sounds extremely niche, it’s because it is. This feature of OAuth has a narrow
application and is only used in a handful of scenarios by certain types of users. Put simply, your
average user in the SMB likely will not need to know about the device code flow. If hackers are good
at anything, it’s finding niche features like the device code flow and pivoting this one-off
authentication method into a vector of initial access. So let’s talk about phishing with device
codes! Join Huntress CEO Kyle Hanslovan for a live demo exposing 2026’s top threats: social
engineering, browser credential theft, and bypassing MFA. Watch hackers in action and learn defenses
to protect your business. Attendees get free access to our Identity Security Assessment to uncover
vulnerabilities and educate your team. Phishing by exploiting the device code flow is nothing new.
Some of the great identity researchers of our time have already written on the subject, including
Dr. Nestori Syynimaa , Dirk-jan Mollema , and Lina Lau (@inversecos). By applying some social
engineering finesse, the device code flow can be co-opted and used maliciously to generate an access
token to some resource that can then be recovered by the attacker. Here’s how it goes down: Let’s
look at a concrete example where the Azure device code flow is used to perform this attack. First,
the attacker requests the device code. This is as simple as cURLing the Azure device code flow API.
Remember: as an attacker, I can just do this. I don’t need to authenticate or prove who I am. As
long as I structure the request correctly, the API will hand over a device code to start the
process. The cURL request would look something like this… If the cURL request is correctly
formatted, the API responds with a JSON blob containing the device code, the user code, and some
helpful instructions about how to use them: At this point, in a legitimate device code
authentication scenario, the user would move from this input constrained device over to a computer
with a web browser, browse to https://microsoft.com/devicelogin , and sign in using their web
browser. But in the attack scenario, the attacker crafts a convincing phish that instructs the user
to go to the same device code login page, sign in, and await further instructions. Let’s assume that
the attacker has sent this phish with a convincing pretext, so the victim browses to
https://microsoft.com/devicelogin and enters the provided code, duly ignoring the warning about
inputting codes from untrusted sources… The page then prompts the victim for a username and
password… … and moves onto the MFA check, which the victim obliges… The page then renders one final
question asking if the victim is trying to sign in to Microsoft Office, which the user assumes is
routine and clicks continue… And finally, the victim sees this (figure 9): Which, of course, is
extremely confusing if you’re the one who fell victim to this attack. Meanwhile, elsewhere, the
attacker constructs another cURL command to poll the Azure authentication API: Once the user has
fallen victim to the phish, their authentication generates a set of tokens that now live at the
OAuth token API endpoint and can be retrieved by providing the correct device code. The attacker, of
course, knows the device code because it was generated by the initial cURL request to the device
code login API. And while that code is useless by itself, once the victim has been tricked into
authenticating, the resulting tokens now belong to anyone who knows which device code was used in
the original request. A successful attack results in the attacker gaining an access token and a
refresh token which are effective for the phished victim. The tokens are effective for a requested
resource (in this case, the Graph API) and scoped to a set of OAuth permissions that allow the
attacker to access resources as if they were the phished victim. Attack complete, initial access
gained, cybercriminal happy! There are a few things that make this attack insidious. First, this
attack uses the legitimate authentication flow instead of exploiting some vulnerability or bug. The
entire phishing context stays on legitimate Microsoft infrastructure , using legitimate Microsoft
APIs , to perform the legitimate (if not hijacked ) device code authentication flow . There’s no
true exploitation occurring during this attack outside of tricking someone into using the device
code flow when they shouldn’t. Second, due to the previous point about using legitimate
authentication functionality, the attacker gets to use legitimate URLs during the phishing portion.
A user who is up on their Security Awareness Training might know to be rightfully suspicious of
links, but may let their guard down when they see https://microsoft.com/devicelogin as the URL. I’m
not defanging this URL in the text of this blog for a reason - it’s 100% totally legitimate, benign,
and safe to visit that site. Through the entire example documented above, I never once had to send
the victim to some sketchy site and have them punch in their credentials. So imagine how powerful it
is when you, as the attacker, get to use a legitimate Microsoft URL for your phishing attack.
Finally (and most importantly), the attacker controls the specific type of resource and token that
is generated due to this attack. In the example above, the attacker creates a device code that is
scoped to the Graph API and specifies a client ID. Remember how I said to remember the client ID
because it would be important later? Well… The client ID in the above example is not some random
string of characters. In fact, Microsoft’s OAuth implementation includes an undocumented set of
client IDs that are freely available for anyone to use during authentication flows. This is called
the Family of Client IDs and was discovered recently by Secureworks researchers. This subject is
quite complicated, but to summarize it briefly: the combination of a client ID and the requested
resource generates a token that can be scoped to different things. For example, the client ID used
in the above example corresponds to the Microsoft Office client. When the token is generated for the
Graph API, the resulting token can be used to call the Graph API and read the user’s emails, look at
their calendar, read their files, and many other things as specified in the scope of the token:
While the Family of Client IDs is fascinating, it’s largely outside the scope of this blog post. But
the two key takeaways are: To briefly illustrate the power of letting the attacker control the
resource and client ID during authentication, look no further than Dirk-jan’s blog on Phishing for
Primary Refresh Tokens , in which he demonstrates how an attacker can leverage device code phishing
to generate a Primary Refresh Token and steal it for initial access. Notably, this is possible
because the attacker can set the resource of the device code request as
https://enrollment.manage.microsoft.com/ and the client ID to the Microsoft Authentication Broker (
29d9ed98-a469-4536-ade2-f981bc1d605e ). The token generated from successfully phishing a victim with
these parameters is the most powerful kind of token in the Azure OAuth token schema. This token can
be used, among other things, to sign into web resources, join rogue devices to a tenant, create
multifactor authentication enrollments, and much, much more. It’s the most powerful token by a
country mile and it’s only a small device code phish away from attacker control! (As an aside, if
you’re interested in identity research and red teaming, read every single blog published by Dirk-jan
. You will not be disappointed.) We’ve established how device code phishing is carried out in Azure
and that it’s extremely powerful. The attacker gets control over the specific kind of resource and
scope of the resulting tokens. It’s an attack that lives entirely within the Microsoft ecosystem. At
worst, it can be used to steal the most powerful kind of token that exists. But recall that the
device code authentication flow is not an Azure specific mechanism. Rather, Azure implements device
code flow as a method of authentication. The device code flow specification comes from the OAuth 2.0
RFC. Azure is far from the only identity provider implementing device code flow. So I couldn’t help
but wonder… Does this mean that no matter which identity provider you use, device code phishing is
equally as dangerous? Do it just be like that? Spoiler alert! The answer is, surprisingly, no. And
we don’t have to look any further than good ol’ uncle Google to see an example where implementation
details have a massive effect on how much damage can be done by this technique. Let’s assume that
we’re on a red team engagement against a client that uses Google as their primary identity provider.
Let’s try to recreate the device code phishing attack using the Google Workspace / Google Cloud
APIs. As always, a great place to start is the developer documentation . And right away, it becomes
clear that we’re going to be fighting an uphill battle: The documentation clearly states that not
all scopes are supported by the device code flow. But hackers never give up hope, so let’s examine
which scopes are supported: If you’re familiar with OAuth 2.0 scopes and their general abusability
by attackers, you may have just fallen out of your chair. If you’re not familiar, I can summarize it
this way – the first three scopes are universal across all implementations of OAuth 2.0 and OpenID
Connect (OIDC) and allow for limited, if any, exploitation. The remaining supported scopes are
extremely narrow when we’re looking for exploitation primitives. Like, be so for real with me right
now – in Azure, you can set up a device code phishing attack where the resulting tokens allow you to
basically become the victim user, join a rogue device to the victim tenant, sign in to their email
and other resources, and other incredibly powerful types of access. And in Google, we can use the
GDrive file permission scope to … -checks notes- “see, edit, create, and delete only the specific
Google Drive files you use with this app”. Before we’ve even started the attack, Google’s
implementation of the device code flow has effectively neutered the attack potential. If any red
teamers reading this want to let me know how to pivot the youtube.readonly scope into an account
takeover, I’m all ears (not joking, hit me up: matt.kiely[at]huntresslabs.com and I’d love to talk).
But I’m not holding my breath. But hope springs eternal, so let’s attempt to carry out the attack
anyway. As far as I can tell, there are no public client IDs for Google like there are for Azure. So
if we want to execute the attack, we need a client ID. The recommended way to obtain a client ID is
to create a Google Workspace application and configure it to use OAuth 2.0 . So if you were hoping
for some semblance of anonymity while carrying out the attack, you can throw that out the window.
Even if you go through the trouble of building an OAuth app within Google, there are still other
checks and safeguards in place. For example, if your application requires too many powerful
permissions, it must be published and verified before anyone can use it: But that’s not going to be
an issue for us, remember? We’re limited to four scopes of permissions: two for GDrive and two for
YouTube. We’re not exactly working with powerful exploitation primitives here. The technical steps
to request a device code from Google are largely the same as with Azure. For variety’s sake, we’ll
use Python to do the initial request and poll the endpoint until the authentication is complete:
When we run the script, it gives us device code. We ostensibly phish the user and instruct them to
authenticate just like with the Azure device code phish attack: Once the victim punches in their
credentials, we get an access token and refresh token! But good luck using either to gain initial
access given the limited scope. Important note : I’ve really only scratched the surface of the
attack surface with Google compared to Azure. There may undocumented client IDs, undocumented scopes
available for exploitation, and many other possible attack vectors here that are unknown to myself
and/or the community. But I think it’s already apparent that the attack vectors in Google Cloud are
significantly more limited when compared to their Azure equivalents. Quite a difference between the
two identity providers! If I could summarize the key takeaway here, it’s this: Google understands
that the device code flow is niche and only used in certain scenarios and limits the scopes
available to the device code flow accordingly. Microsoft makes no such limitations . You can imagine
why Google chose to implement it this way. The two sets of permissions have to do with GDrive and
YouTube. Google understands that the types of client devices that would probably use the device code
authentication flow are smart TVs (the documentation even specifies this in the title! “OAuth 2.0
for TV and Limited-Input Device Applications”). It’s not hard to imagine that the kinds of accesses
a TV would need center on entertainment – “hey smart TV, please play my favorite YouTube video!” But
take a moment to appreciate the fact that two implementations of the same OAuth feature have
radically different attack surfaces associated with each. Azure’s lack of restriction on the
requested scopes and resources has already led to researchers identifying extremely powerful attack
primitives for device code phishing attacks. But Google’s implementation puts severe restrictions on
the same kind of attack. While it’s unclear if other identity attacks (consent grant attacks, rogue
device join, etc) are as effective in Google as they are in Azure, we can safely conclude that
device code phishing is severely less effective in Google Cloud than in Azure. Same feature. Same
design. Different implementations. Radically different attack surfaces ! It goes to show you: while
all OAuth 2.0 implementations are equal, it turns out that some are just a bit more equal than
others. Join Huntress CEO and former NSA operative Kyle Hanslovan for a live hacking demo . Watch
how hackers steal credentials, bypass MFA, and compromise systems in minutes. Learn about 2026’s top
threats: social engineering, browser credential theft, and interconnected system attacks. Attendees
get free access to our Identity Security Assessment for Microsoft 365, uncovering vulnerabilities
and providing setup instructions for your own hacking demo. Don’t miss this chance to strengthen
your defenses and outsmart modern cybercriminals. Come get shady, learn, and leave ready to
challenge today’s tradecraft! Register for the Live Hack Sponsored and written by Huntress Labs .

----
Title: BPO giant Conduent confirms data breach impacts 10.5 million people
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/bpo-giant-conduent-confirms-data-breach-impacts-105-million-people/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 30, 2025
Summary:
American business services giant Conduent has confirmed that a 2024 data breach has impacted over
10.5 million people, according to notifications filed with the US Attorney General's offices.
Conduent is an American business process outsourcing (BPO) company that provides digital platforms
and services for governments and enterprises. The company was spun off from Xerox in 2017 and
currently employs 56,000 people across 22 countries, having an annual revenue of $3.4 billion. The
company began sending data breach notifications to affected individuals this month, with the largest
reported number coming from the Oregon government, which said 10.5 million people were affected.
Further data breach notifications shared on the Texas AG site report 4 million people, 76k in
Washington, and a couple of hundred in Maine. Given that Conduent provides services to several other
states where specific data breach figures aren't published, the actual impact could be far larger.
The data breach notifications state that people's name, Social Security Numbers, full date of birth,
health insurance policy or ID number, or medical information was exposed. Conduent's notification
claims that, as of October 24, 2025, the time of its circulation, there's no evidence that the
stolen data has been "misused." BleepingComputer contacted Conduent to learn the exact number of
impacted people nationwide, and we will update this post with their response once it reaches us. At
the start of the year, Conduent suffered a service outage that it later admitted was caused by a
cybersecurity incident . Although the threat actor behind the attack wasn't named, the Safepay
ransomware gang took responsibility for it in late February. In April, the firm disclosed in a Form
8-K filing with the SEC that threat actors had stolen files from its systems that contained customer
information, as well as data from their customers' clients. An investigation into the scope of the
data breach has now determined that the attack impacted millions of people. Furthermore, although
the breach was discovered in January 2025, the environment had been compromised much earlier, on
October 21, 2024. Notification recipients are recommended to obtain credit reports and consider
placing fraud alerts and a security freeze on their accounts, though no identity theft protection
and credit monitoring services were offered in this case. It's budget season! Over 300 CISOs and
security leaders have shared how they're planning, spending, and prioritizing for the year ahead.
This report compiles their insights, allowing readers to benchmark strategies, identify emerging
trends, and compare their priorities as they head into 2026. Learn how top leaders are turning
investment into measurable impact. SimonMed says 1.2 million patients impacted in January data
breach Data breach at dealership software provider impacts 766k clients VC giant Insight Partners
warns thousands after ransomware breach Panama Ministry of Economy discloses breach claimed by INC
ransomware Lovesac confirms data breach after ransomware attack claims

----
Title: Advertising giant Dentsu reports data breach at subsidiary Merkle
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/advertising-giant-dentsu-reports-data-breach-at-subsidiary-merkle/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 28, 2025
Summary:
Japanese advertising giant Dentsu has disclosed that its U.S.-based subsidiary Merkle suffered a
cybersecurity incident that exposed staff and client data. The company states that the incident
forced them to take certain systems offline as part of their response plan. “We detected abnormal
activity within part of the network of Merkle, a company leading the CXM (Customer Experience
Management) area of our group’s overseas business,” reads Dentsu’s announcement . “We immediately
initiated our incident response procedures, proactively shut down certain systems as a precaution,
and took swift measures to minimize the impact.” The company says it reported the incident to
relevant authorities in each impacted country, according to its legal obligations, without
specifying the incident’s scope. Dentsu Group is an international advertising and public relations
firm. It is the largest agency network in Japan and ranks fifth globally in terms of revenue. Merkle
is Dentsu’s U.S.-based subsidiary, operating as a customer experience and data-driven marketing
agency in North America, EMEA, and APAC regions. The company employs 16,000 people and has an annual
revenue of $2 billion , with high-profile customers including Nestle, American Express, Intel,
Microsoft, P&G, Cox, 7-Eleven, Burger King, Subway, J.P. Morgan, Diageo, Heineken, Hilton, and
Sanofi. A report from DecisionMarketing says that Dentsu circulated a memo internally to inform
staff that their bank and payroll details, salary, National Insurance numbers, and personal contact
details had been exposed. A Dentsu spokesperson confirmed via a statement to BleepingComputer that
data has been stolen during the attack, and that impacted individuals are in the process of being
notified. "A review of those files determined that they contained information relating to some
clients, suppliers, and current and former employees," the company representative said. "The
investigation identified that certain files were taken from Merkle’s network," stated Dentsu to
BleepingComputer. The company has noted that its Japan-based network systems were not impacted,
though the incident is expected to have “some financial impact” on them. Currently, the company's
investigation is trying to determine scale of the incident and full impact. Third-party incident
response service have been engaged to assist. At the time of writing, no ransomware group has
claimed responsibility for the attack. It's budget season! Over 300 CISOs and security leaders have
shared how they're planning, spending, and prioritizing for the year ahead. This report compiles
their insights, allowing readers to benchmark strategies, identify emerging trends, and compare
their priorities as they head into 2026. Learn how top leaders are turning investment into
measurable impact. Penn hacker claims to have stolen 1.2 million donor records in data breach
FinWise data breach shows why encryption is your last defense F5 says hackers stole undisclosed BIG-
IP flaws, source code FinWise insider breach impacts 689K American First Finance customers OAuth
Device Code Phishing: Azure vs. Google Compared

----
Title: Google disputes false claims of massive Gmail data breach
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/google-disputes-false-claims-of-massive-gmail-data-breach/
Author: Lawrence Abrams
Published: October 27, 2025
Summary:
Google was once again forced to announce that it had not suffered a data breach after numerous news
outlets published sensational stories about a fake breach that purportedly exposed 183 million
accounts. This claim began over the weekend and into today, with news stories claiming that millions
of Gmail accounts were breached, with some outlets saying it affected the full 183 million accounts.
However, as the company explained in a series of posts on Monday, Gmail did not suffer a breach, and
the compromised accounts were actually from a compilation of credentials stolen by information-
stealing malware and other attacks over the years. "Reports of a 'Gmail security breach impacting
millions of users' are false. Gmail's defenses are strong, and users remain protected," reads a post
on X . "The inaccurate reports are stemming from a misunderstanding of infostealer databases, which
routinely compile various credential theft activity occurring across the web. It's not reflective of
a new attack aimed at any one person, tool, or platform." "Several inaccurate claims surfaced
recently that incorrectly stated that we issued a broad warning to all Gmail users about a major
Gmail security issue. This is entirely false," Google added. This is just the latest such story that
numerous news websites and cybersecurity companies have reported without verification in recent
years. This particular story stems from Have I Been Pwned (HIBP) creator Troy Hunt announcing he
recently added a massive collection of 183 million compromised credentials to the data breach
notification platform shared by the threat intelligence platform Synthient. These credentials were
not stolen in a single data breach, but rather through information-stealing malware, data breaches,
credential stuffing, and phishing. Furthermore, these accounts are not for a single platform but for
thousands, if not millions, of sites. Threat actors commonly collect exposed credentials and combine
them into massive collections, which are then shared among the cybercrime community on Telegram
channels, Discord servers, and hacking forums. After loading the data into HIBP, Hunt says 91% of
the 183 million credentials had previously been seen, illustrating that many of them have been
circulating for years. "The final number once the entire data set was loaded into HIBP was 91% pre-
existing, with 16.4M previously unseen addresses in any data breach, not just stealer logs,"
explained Hunt. Companies, including Google, commonly use collections like these to warn customers
of exposed passwords and to force password resets to protect accounts. "Gmail takes action when we
spot large batches of open credentials, helping users reset passwords and resecure accounts,"
explained Google. While the claims of a Gmail data breach are false, that does not mean exposed
credentials are harmless or should be ignored, as threat actors commonly use them to breach
corporate networks and carry out devastating attacks. For example, the UnitedHealth Change
Healthcare ransomware attack was caused by exposed Citrix credentials that enabled threat actors to
gain initial network access. However, reports of unfounded data breaches do not help anyone and only
cause undue stress and extra work for a platform's users and business customers. Just last month,
Google had to state that it did not suffer a data breach after the same news sites claimed that 2.5
billion Gmail accounts had been compromised . While that claim stemmed from a Salesloft breach that
impacted a small number of Google Workspace accounts , the story was quickly sensationalized into a
much larger breach. If you are concerned that your credentials may have been part of the Synthient
collection, you can register an account at Have I Been Pwned , open the dashboard, and click Stealer
Logs to see if your account was compromised in the past by information-stealing malware. If you have
accounts listed, perform an antivirus scan on your computer, then immediately change the passwords
for all of your accounts. Whether you're cleaning up old keys or setting guardrails for AI-generated
code, this guide helps your team build securely from the start. Get the cheat sheet and take the
guesswork out of secrets management. Have I Been Pwned: Prosper data breach impacts 17.6 million
accounts Gmail business users can now send encrypted emails to anyone Plex tells users to reset
passwords after new data breach Penn hacker claims to have stolen 1.2 million donor records in data
breach Google confirms AI search will have ads, but they may look different

----
Title: Toys “R” Us Canada warns customers' info leaked in data breach
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/toys-r-us-canada-warns-customers-info-leaked-in-data-breach/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 23, 2025
Summary:
Toys “R” Us Canada has sent notices of a data breach to customers informing them of a security
incident where threat actors leaked customer records they had previously stolen from its systems.
The company discovered the data leak on July 30, 2025, when a threat actor posted on the dark web
what they claimed to be Toys “R” Us customer data. Subsequent investigation of the threat actor’s
claims, conducted with the help of third-party experts, confirmed that the information was indeed
authentic. “On July 30, 2025, we became aware via a posting on the unindexed internet that a third-
party was claiming to have stolen information from our database,” reads the letter sent to customers
. “We immediately hired third-party cybersecurity experts to assist with containment and to
investigate the incident.” “The investigation revealed that the unauthorized third party copied
certain records form our customer database which contains personal information.” The data types that
were leaked vary per individual, and may contain one or more of the following: Toys “R” Us
underlines that account passwords, credit card information, or other “similar confidential data”
were not exposed. Toys “R” Us Canada, a subsidiary of Toys “R” Us, is a toy store chain operating 40
branches across the country, selling toys, video games, and clothing. Following the discovery of the
breach, the company has upgraded the security of its IT systems under the guidance of cybersecurity
experts. The firm also stated that it is in the process of notifying the applicable privacy
regulatory authorities in Canada of the data breach. Meanwhile, the notification recipients are
advised to ignore unsolicited communications and remain alert for phishing messages that impersonate
Toys “R” Us and request personal information. BleepingComputer has contacted the company to ask more
information about the threat actor who leaked the data, how many customers are exposed by this
incident, and whether a ransom was demanded, but we have not received a response by publication.
Whether you're cleaning up old keys or setting guardrails for AI-generated code, this guide helps
your team build securely from the start. Get the cheat sheet and take the guesswork out of secrets
management. SimonMed says 1.2 million patients impacted in January data breach Electronics giant
Avnet confirms breach, says stolen data unreadable WestJet data breach exposes travel details of 1.2
million customers Harrods suffers new data breach exposing 430,000 customer records Panama Ministry
of Economy discloses breach claimed by INC ransomware

----
Title: FinWise data breach shows why encryption is your last defense
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/finwise-data-breach-shows-why-encryption-is-your-last-defense/
Author: Home
Published: October 22, 2025
Summary:
The 2024 FinWise data breach serves as a stark example of the growing insider threats faced by
modern financial institutions. Unlike typical cyberattacks originating from external hackers, this
incident stemmed from unauthorized access by a former employee using retained credentials. On May
31, 2024, the ex-employee accessed FinWise Bank’s systems after leaving the company and leaked
sensitive personal information belonging to 689,000 customers of American First Finance (AFF). Even
more alarming, this unauthorized access went undetected for more than a year before being discovered
by the bank on June 18, 2025. The most troubling aspect of the case lies in the time gap between the
initial breach and its discovery. FinWise Bank only became aware of the incident and notified
affected customers in June 2025 which was over a year after the breach occurred. Lawsuits allege
that the stolen data may not have been adequately encrypted and secured, causing public criticism
and concern. Security experts emphasize that a well-designed information protection framework must
not only encrypt critical financial data but also proactively detect and prevent abnormal access
attempts. FinWise Bank’s failure to implement such basic safeguards, coupled with potentially poor
encryption practices, has led the institution to face legal action and heightened scrutiny from
regulators and customers alike. Although FinWise has yet to issue an official statement regarding
its encryption practices, the data breach will result in irreversible damage to both the company and
its customers. In incidents like the FinWise breach, encryption serves as the last line of defense
for data. However, true data protection goes beyond encryption alone; it also requires key
management and access control measures. If FinWise properly implemented and managed its data
encryption systems, the exposure of customers’ personal information could have been prevented even
after the breach. Moreover, effective key management could have lowered the risk of data misuse,
safeguarding sensitive information from further exploitation. Prevent data misuse after cyber
attacks. D.AMO combines encryption, key management, and centeralized control to protect your
organization’s most sensitive data. In response to data breaches like the one at FinWise, Penta
Security’s D.AMO (Encryption Platform) has drawn renewed attention as an effective countermeasure.
More than just a data encryption tool, D.AMO is a comprehensive data security platform that
integrates powerful encryption, granular access control, and an independent key management system
(KMS). Launched in 2004 as South Korea’s first packaged encryption solution and a pioneering product
among global leaders, D.AMO has since established itself as a trusted name in the industry. With
over 10,000 clients across finance, public, and enterprise sectors, D.AMO’s long-standing experience
and proven technology have solidified its position as a leading force in the database encryption
market. D.AMO has established itself as the No. 1 data encryption solution in South Korea’s public
sector, recognized for its robust cybersecurity infrastructure and specialized expertise. Trusted by
government institutions and major enterprises alike, it leads the market with unmatched reliability
and technological depth. The platform supports multiple encryption methods, including API-based,
plug-in-based, and kernel-level encryption, ensuring flexible deployment across both new
implementations and live service environments. Going further, D.AMO enables selective column-level
encryption based on data sensitivity, minimizing performance degradation while maintaining full
compatibility across all layers of a customer’s system environment. In high-traffic sectors such as
finance and government, service continuity is critical. D.AMO ensures that search and operational
functions remain intact even after encryption, allowing organizations to achieve both operational
efficiency and strong data protection. This balance of performance and security has made us the
preferred choice for countless public institutions and large-scale enterprises. While encryption
itself can prevent the misuse of sensitive information in the event of a data breach, effective key
management is equally critical. The strength of any data encryption strategy is directly
proportional to the security of its key management system. D.AMO KMS is a dedicated hardware
appliance designed to securely manage encryption keys independently from the data they protect. By
separating the privileges of database administrators and security administrators, D.AMO KMS ensures
that even those with access to encrypted data cannot access the corresponding keys. This separation
of duties serves as one of the most effective defenses against insider threats, such as the FinWise
data breach. Furthermore, because D.AMO KMS stores keys in a physically and logically isolated
appliance, encrypted data remains protected even if a hacker or insider were to gain full access to
the database. Without the decryption keys, the stolen data remains unusable—providing a powerful
safeguard against both internal and external breaches. D.AMO Control Center enables centralized
management and access control for all encryption products deployed across every layer of a
customer’s internal server infrastructure. Through this unified management system, administrators
can monitor logs generated by each product and efficiently operate encryption solutions within a
single, integrated interface. Incidents like the FinWise data breach underscore the critical
importance of user access privileges in preventing insider threats. D.AMO Control Center addresses
this challenge by providing granular privilege management, including user account separation,
encryption/decryption permission settings, and data access control. By enforcing strict role-based
access policies, organizations can proactively defend against potential insider misuse and
strengthen overall data security governance. The FinWise data breach was not merely a technical
incident, but a systemic failure rooted in inadequate security governance and potentially
insufficient encryption and centralized management. This case highlights the growing need for
financial institutions to adopt robust defense strategies—not only against external attacks, but
also against unpredictable insider threats. Penta Security’s D.AMO provides a comprehensive solution
to these challenges. Designed to meet global compliance standards such as PCI-DSS, GDPR, ITSCC,
CCPA, and CPRA, D.AMO integrates data encryption (D.AMO), a dedicated key management system (D.AMO
KMS), and centralized management (D.AMO Control Center) into a single, unified platform. Through its
advanced audit and logging features, D.AMO detects potential data theft resulting from privilege
abuse, and even in cases of internal access, its robust encryption and strict key management render
the exposed data useless. An analysis of the FinWise breach shows that D.AMO directly addresses
every vulnerability revealed in the incident. Organizations must shift their approach to data
security from reactive response to proactive prevention. For any institution handling sensitive
information, adopting an integrated encryption platform like D.AMO is no longer optional. Data
encryption is a critical investment in the future of secure data management. > Download D.AMO White
Paper to Learn More . Sponsored and written by Penta Security .

----
Title: Auction giant Sotheby’s says data breach exposed financial information
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/auction-giant-sothebys-says-data-breach-exposed-financial-information/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 16, 2025
Summary:
Major international auction house Sotheby’s is notifying individuals of a data breach incident on
its systems where threat actors stole sensitive information, including financial details. The hack
was detected on July 24 and the investigtion took two months to determine they type of data stolen
and the individuals impacted as a result. Sotheby’s is a leading global auction house for fine art
and high-value items, as well as an asset-backed lending services provider. The company handles
billions of dollars worth of auction sales annually, with its total sales reaching $6 billion last
year. According to a filing the organization submitted to Maine’s AG office , the data exposed in
the incident includes full names, Social Security numbers (SSNs), and financial account information.
“On July 24, 2025, Sotheby’s became aware that certain Sotheby’s data appeared to have been removed
from our environment by an unknown actor,” reads the letter sent to impacted individuals. “We
immediately began an investigation which included an extensive review of the data to determine and
validate what information was involved and to whom such information relates” - Sotheby's
notification The total number of impacted individuals remains undisclosed as the filing mentions two
persons in the state of Maine and two in Rhode Island. BleepingComputer has contacted Sotheby’s with
an information request about the attack, its scope of impact, and the number of exposed individuals
in the U.S. and worldwide, but we have not received a response by publication time. At the time of
writing, no ransomware groups have assumed responsibility for the attack at Sotheby’s. Ransomware
gangs have targeted other auction houses in the past, hoping for a big payday, Last year, RansomHub
hackers breached Christie’s , allegedly stealing the details of half a million clients . Sotheby’s
also had other security incidents in the past, particularly with malicious code planted on its
website to collect payment information. Between March 2017 and October 2018, a web skimmer stole
customer card data and personal details. The company suffered a similar incident in 2021 in a
supply-chain attack. Sotheby’s customers who received a data breach notification this time are
provided a 12-month free-of-charge identity protection and credit monitoring service through
TransUnion, given 90 days to enroll. Update 10/17 - Sotheby's confirmed via a statement to
BleepingComputer that the incident impacted employees, and not customers. Hence, the article content
and title was updated accordingly. The full statement is below. "Sotheby’s discovered a
cybersecurity incident that may have involved certain employee information. Upon discovery of the
incident, we immediately launched an investigation in cooperation with leading data protection and
response experts and law enforcement. The company is notifying all impacted individuals
appropriately in line with our requirements. We take the security of company and individual
information very seriously and continue to work diligently to protect our systems and data." -
Sotheby's spokesperson Whether you're cleaning up old keys or setting guardrails for AI-generated
code, this guide helps your team build securely from the start. Get the cheat sheet and take the
guesswork out of secrets management. Clothing giant MANGO discloses data breach exposing customer
info Harrods suffers new data breach exposing 430,000 customer records SimonMed says 1.2 million
patients impacted in January data breach Discord discloses data breach after hackers steal support
tickets Electronics giant Avnet confirms breach, says stolen data unreadable

----
Title: Have I Been Pwned: Prosper data breach impacts 17.6 million accounts
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/have-i-been-pwned-warns-of-prosper-data-breach-impacting-176-million-accounts/
Author: Sergiu Gatlan
Published: October 16, 2025
Summary:
Hackers stole the personal information of over 17.6 million people after breaching the systems of
financial services company Prosper. Prosper operates as a peer-to-peer lending marketplace that has
helped over 2 million customers secure more than $30 billion in loans since its founding in 2005. As
the company disclosed one month ago on a dedicated page, the breach was detected on September 2, but
Prosper has yet to find evidence that the attackers gained access to customer accounts and funds.
However, the attackers stole data belonging to Prosper customers and loan applicants. The company
hasn't shared what information was exposed beyond Social Security numbers because it's still
investigating what data was affected. Prosper added that the security breach didn't impact its
customer-facing operations and that it has reported the incident to relevant authorities and is
collaborating with law enforcement to investigate the attack. "We have evidence that confidential,
proprietary, and personal information, including Social Security Numbers, was obtained, including
through unauthorized queries made on Company databases that store customer information and applicant
data. We will be offering free credit monitoring as appropriate after we determine what data was
affected," the company says. "The investigation is still in its very early stages, but resolving
this incident is our top priority and we are committed to sharing additional information with our
customers as appropriate." While Prosper didn't share how many customers were affected by this data
breach, data breach notification service Have I Been Pwned revealed the extent of the incident on
Thursday, reporting that it affected 17.6 million unique email addresses. The stolen information
also includes customers' names, government-issued IDs, employment status, credit status, income
levels, dates of birth, physical addresses, IP addresses, and browser user agent details. When
BleepingComputer reached out to Prosper with questions about the incident, a spokesperson said the
company is aware of Have I Been Pwned's report but "is not able to validate" it. "The investigation
to determine what data was affected and to whom it belongs remains ongoing. We will be offering free
credit monitoring as appropriate after we determine what data was affected," the Prosper
spokesperson added. As MCP (Model Context Protocol) becomes the standard for connecting LLMs to
tools and data, security teams are moving fast to keep these new services safe. This free cheat
sheet outlines 7 best practices you can start using today. Google disputes false claims of massive
Gmail data breach Penn hacker claims to have stolen 1.2 million donor records in data breach BPO
giant Conduent confirms data breach impacts 10.5 million people Advertising giant Dentsu reports
data breach at subsidiary Merkle Toys “R” Us Canada warns customers' info leaked in data breach

----
Title: Capita to pay £14 million for data breach impacting 6.6 million people
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/capita-to-pay-14-million-for-data-breach-impacting-66-million-people/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 15, 2025
Summary:
The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) in the UK has fined Capita, a provider of data-driven
business process services, £14 million ($18.7 million) for a data breach incident in 2023 that
exposed the personal information of 6.6 million people. Capita is a major UK-based outsourcing and
professional services company that provides consulting, digital, and software services to local
councils, the NHS, the Ministry of Defense, and organizations in the banking, utilities, and
telecommunications sectors. With around 34,000 employees and an annual revenue of £3 billion,
Capita's clients are mostly in the UK and Europe. The ICO had initially set the fine to a much
larger £45 million, but the agency decided to reduce the penalty after the company accepted
liability, implemented important security improvements, and offered data protection services to
exposed individuals. The data protection authority fined Capita plc £8 million and Capita Pension
Solutions Limited received a penalty of £6 million. The ICO’s investigation has now confirmed that
the stolen data impacts 6.6 million people, and hundreds of Capita clients, including 325 pension
scheme providers in the UK. In April 2023, the company announced that it had been targeted by
hackers who attempted access to its internal Microsoft 365 environment, forcing some systems offline
as part of its response. An update three weeks later confirmed that hackers had accessed 4% of
Capita’s internal IT infrastructure, and exfiltrated private files hosted on the breached systems.
The Black Basta ransomware gang claimed the attack and threatened to leak all stolen files unless
the company paid a ransom. The cyberattack occurred on March 22, 2023, when a Capita employee
downloaded a malicious file that gave hackers access to the company's internal network. The ICO
comments that, even though the breach was detected within 10 minutes, Capita failed to isolate the
infected device for another 58 hours, giving the attackers ample time to move laterally, spread on
the network, and access sensitive databases. “This file enabled the deployment of malicious software
onto the Capita network, allowing the hacker to stay in the system, gain administrator permissions
and access other areas of the network,” Information Commissioner's Office “Between 29 and 30 March
2023, nearly one terabyte of data was exfiltrated. On 31 March 2023, ransomware was deployed onto
Capita systems and the hacker reset all user passwords, preventing Capita staff from accessing their
systems and network,” states UK's data protection authority. Capita is now fined for poor access
controls (absence of tiered admin account model), delayed response to security alerts, operating an
understaffed Security Ops Center, and failing to perform regular penetration testing and risk
management exercises. Capita's CEO Adolfo Hernandez announced the settlement with ICO, underlining
the effort and investment that has gone into strengthening the firm's cybersecurity stance since the
incident. The executive also noted that they do not expect the payment of the fine to have an impact
on previously published investor guidance. As MCP (Model Context Protocol) becomes the standard for
connecting LLMs to tools and data, security teams are moving fast to keep these new services safe.
This free cheat sheet outlines 7 best practices you can start using today. Imgur blocks UK users
after data watchdog signals possible fine Renault and Dacia UK warn of data breach impacting
customers Harrods suffers new data breach exposing 430,000 customer records Penn hacker claims to
have stolen 1.2 million donor records in data breach BPO giant Conduent confirms data breach impacts
10.5 million people

----
Title: Clothing giant MANGO discloses data breach exposing customer info
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/clothing-giant-mango-discloses-data-breach-exposing-customer-info/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 15, 2025
Summary:
Spanish fashion retailer MANGO is sending notices of a data breach to its customers, warning that
its marketing vendor suffered a compromise exposing personal data. Founded in 1984 in Barcelona,
MANGO is a clothing and fashion accessories designer and manufacturer, operating physical and
e-commerce stores in 2,800 locations across 120 countries. The company employs 16,300 people and has
an annual revenue of €3.3 billion, of which approximately 30% comes from online purchases. On
October 14, 2025, the company sent data breach notifications to its customers, informing them that
personal data used in marketing campaigns had been compromised. "MANGO wishes to inform you that one
of the external marketing services has suffered unauthorized access to certain customers' personal
data," reads the notice . The types of data exposed in this incident include a customer's first
name, country, postal code, email address, and telephone number. MANGO specified that last names,
banking information, credit card data, IDs, passports, or account credentials were not compromised
in this incident. Although the absence of last names in the exposed data set lessens the risk,
attackers can still use the remaining compromised data in phishing attacks. The company also noted
that its corporate infrastructure and IT systems remain unaffected, and so business operations
weren't impacted. "We inform you that everything continues to function normally and that Mango's
corporate infrastructure and systems have not been compromised," stated the company . All security
protocols in place were activated upon learning of the data breach at the marketing service
provider, which has not been named. The company also stated that the Spanish Data Protection Agency
(AEPD) and relevant authorities have been notified about the breach. A dedicated email address
(personaldata@mango.com) and telephone hotline (900 150 543) have been established to support
customers concerned about the potential exposure from this incident. BleepingComputer has contacted
MANGO to learn more about the cyberattack and its scope of impact, but we have not received a
response at the time of publication. No ransomware groups have announced MANGO on their extortion
portals, so the attackers remain unknown. Whether you're cleaning up old keys or setting guardrails
for AI-generated code, this guide helps your team build securely from the start. Get the cheat sheet
and take the guesswork out of secrets management. Harrods suffers new data breach exposing 430,000
customer records Auction giant Sotheby’s says data breach exposed financial information Renault and
Dacia UK warn of data breach impacting customers SimonMed says 1.2 million patients impacted in
January data breach Discord discloses data breach after hackers steal support tickets

----
Title: F5 says hackers stole undisclosed BIG-IP flaws, source code
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/hackers-breach-f5-to-steal-undisclosed-big-ip-flaws-source-code/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 15, 2025
Summary:
U.S. cybersecurity company F5 disclosed that nation-state hackers breached its systems and stole
undisclosed BIG-IP security vulnerabilities and source code. The company states that it first became
aware of the breach on August 9, 2025, with its investigations revealing that the attackers had
gained long-term access to its system, including the company's BIG-IP product development
environment and engineering knowledge management platform. F5 is a Fortune 500 tech giant
specializing in cybersecurity, cloud management, and application delivery networking (ADN)
applications. The company has 23,000 customers in 170 countries, and 48 of the Fortune 50 entities
use its products. BIG-IP is the firm's flagship product used for application delivery and traffic
management by many large enterprises worldwide. It’s unclear how long the hackers maintained access,
but the company confirmed that they stole source code, vulnerability data, and some configuration
and implementation details for a limited number of customers. "Through this access, certain files
were exfiltrated, some of which contained certain portions of the Company's BIG-IP source code and
information about undisclosed vulnerabilities that it was working on in BIG-IP," the company states
. Despite this critical exposure of undisclosed flaws, F5 says there's no evidence that the
attackers leveraged the information in actual attacks, such as exploiting the undisclosed flaw
against systems. The company also states that it has not seen evidence that the private information
has been disclosed. F5 claims that the threat actors' access to the BIG-IP environment did not
compromise its software supply chain or result in any suspicious code modifications. This includes
its platforms that contain customer data, such as its CRM, financial, support case management, or
iHealth systems. Furthermore, other products and platforms managed by the company are not
compromised, including NGINX, F5 Distributed Cloud Services, or Silverline systems' source code.
After discovering the intrusion, F5 took remediation action by tightening access to its systems, and
improving its overall threat monitoring, detection, and response capabilities: Additionally, the
company also focuses on the security of its products through source code reviews and security
assessements with support from NCC Group and IOActive. NCC Group's assessment covered security
reviews of critical software components in BIG-IP and portions of the development pipeline in an
effort that involved 76 consultants. IOActive's expertise was called in after the security breach
and the engagement is still in progress . The results so far show no evidence of the threat actor
introducing vulnerablities in critical F5 software source code or the software development build
pipeline. F5 is still reviewing which customers had their configuration or implementation details
stolen and will contact them with guidance. To help customers secure their F5 environments against
risks stemming from the breach, the company released updates for BIG-IP, F5OS, BIG-IP Next for
Kubernetes, BIG-IQ, and APM clients. Despite any evidence "of undisclosed critical or remote code
execution vulnerabilities," the company urges customers to prioritize installing the new BIG-IP
software updates . F5 confirmed that today's updates address the potential impact stemming from the
stolen undisclosed vulnerabilities. Furthermore, F5 support makes available a threat hunting guide
for customers to improve detection and monitoring in their environment. New best practices for
hardening F5 systems now include automated checks to the F5 iHealth Diagnostic Tool , which can now
flag security risks, vulnerabilities, prioritize actions, and provide remediation guidance. Another
recommendation is to enable BIG-IP event streaming to SIEM and configure the systems to log to a
remote syslog server and monitor for login attempts . "Our global support team is available to
assist. You can open a MyF5 support case or contact F5 support directly for help updating your BIG-
IP software, implementing any of these steps, or to address any questions you may have" - F5 The
company added that it has validated the safety of BIG-IP releases through multiple independent
reviews by leading cybersecurity firms, including CrowdStrike and Mandiant. On Monday, F5 announced
that it rotated the cryptographic certcertificates and keys used for signing its digital products.
The change affects installing BIG-IP and BIG-IQ TMOS software images while ISO image signature
verification is enabled, and installing BIG-IP F5OS tenant images on host systems running F5OS.
Additional guidance for F5 customers comes from UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) and the
U.S. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA). Both agencies recommmend identifying
all F5 products (hardware, software, and virtualized) and making sure that no management interface
is exposed on the public web. If an exposed interface is discovered, companies should make
compromise assessment. F5 notes that it delayed the public disclosure of the incident at the U.S.
government's request, presumably to allow enough time to secure critical systems. "On September 12,
2025, the U.S. Department of Justice determined that a delay in public disclosure was warranted
pursuant to Item 1.05(c) of Form 8-K. F5 is now filing this report in a timely manner," explains F5.
F5 states that the incident has no material impact on its operations. All services remain available
and are considered safe, based on the latest available evidence. BleepingComputer has contacted F5
to request more details about the incident, and we will update this post when we receive a response.
It's budget season! Over 300 CISOs and security leaders have shared how they're planning, spending,
and prioritizing for the year ahead. This report compiles their insights, allowing readers to
benchmark strategies, identify emerging trends, and compare their priorities as they head into 2026.
Learn how top leaders are turning investment into measurable impact. Penn hacker claims to have
stolen 1.2 million donor records in data breach Advertising giant Dentsu reports data breach at
subsidiary Merkle FinWise data breach shows why encryption is your last defense Over 266,000 F5 BIG-
IP instances exposed to remote attacks F5 releases BIG-IP patches for stolen security
vulnerabilities

----
Title: SimonMed says 1.2 million patients impacted in January data breach
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/simonmed-says-12-million-patients-impacted-in-january-data-breach/
Author: Bill Toulas
Published: October 13, 2025
Summary:
U.S. medical imaging provider SimonMed Imaging is notifying more than 1.2 million individuals of a
data breach that exposed their sensitive information. SimonMed Imaging is an outpatient medical
imaging and radiology services provider, including MRI and CT scans, X-ray, ultrasound, mammography,
PET, nuclear medicine, bone density, and interventional radiology procedures. The radiology company
operates about 170 medical centers 11 U.S. states, and has an annual revenue of more than $500
million. According to the notice shared with the authorities, hackers compromised SimonMed's systems
and had access to the company network at the beginning of the year between January 21 and February
5. SimonMed learned about the breach on January 27, from one of its vendors, who alerted "that they
were experiencing a security incident." After starting an investigation, the medical company
confirmed the next day suspicious activity on its network. “Upon discovering we were the victim of a
criminal attack, we immediately began an investigation and took steps to contain the situation,",
the company states . The action taken included resetting passwords, multifactor authentication,
adding endpoint detection and response (EDR) monitoring, removing third-party vendors' direct access
to systems within SimonMed’s environment and its associated tools, and restricted inbound and
outbound traffic to trusted connections The company also notified law enforcement and the services
of data security and privacy professionals. SimonMed did not publicly share exactly what information
was stolen by the attackers besides their full names, but considering the types of data medical
imaging firms store on their systems, it may include highly sensitive information. Still, the
company underlined that it has no evidence that the accessed information has been misused to conduct
fraud or identity theft as of October 10, the day the notice was circulated. Letter recipients are
offered a free-of-charge subscription to identity theft services through Experian. Medusa ransomware
announced SimonMed Imaging on its extortion portal on February 7 claiming that it had stolen 212 GB
of data. The hackers also leaked some data, as proof of the attack, consisting of ID scans,
spreadsheets with patient details, payment details, and account balances, medical reports, and raw
scans. At the time, the threat actors demanded a ransom payment of $1million and $10,000 for one-day
extension before publishing all the stolen files. Currently, SimonMed Imaging is no longer listed on
Medusa ransomware's data leak site. This typically suggests that the company negotiated a ransom and
paid the hackers. The Medusa ransomware-as-a-service (RaaS) operation launched in 2023 and gained
its infamy with attacks such as the one on the Minneapolis Public Schools (MPS) . The gang also
targeted Toyota Financial Services . A joint advisory by the FBI, CISA, and MS-ISAC from March 2025
warned about Medusa ransomware activity, noting that the threat group had impacted over 300 critical
infrastructure organizations in the United States. As MCP (Model Context Protocol) becomes the
standard for connecting LLMs to tools and data, security teams are moving fast to keep these new
services safe. This free cheat sheet outlines 7 best practices you can start using today.
Electronics giant Avnet confirms breach, says stolen data unreadable Harrods suffers new data breach
exposing 430,000 customer records Panama Ministry of Economy discloses breach claimed by INC
ransomware Lovesac confirms data breach after ransomware attack claims BPO giant Conduent confirms
data breach impacts 10.5 million people

----
Title: Harvard investigating breach linked to Oracle zero-day exploit
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/harvard-investigating-breach-linked-to-oracle-zero-day-exploit/
Author: Lawrence Abrams
Published: October 13, 2025
Summary:
Harvard University is investigating a data breach after the Clop ransomware gang listed the school
on its data leak site, saying the alleged breach was likely caused by a recently disclosed zero-day
vulnerability in Oracle's E-Business Suite servers. "Harvard is aware of reports that data
associated with the University has been obtained as a result of a zero-day vulnerability in the
Oracle E-Business Suite system. This issue has impacted many Oracle E-Business Suite customers and
is not specific to Harvard," a Harvard University Information Technology spokesperson told
BleepingComputer. "While the investigation is ongoing, we believe that this incident impacts a
limited number of parties associated with a small administrative unit." "Upon receiving it from
Oracle, we applied a patch to remediate the vulnerability. We are continuing to monitor and have no
evidence of compromise to other University systems." This statement comes after the Clop extortion
gang added Harvard to its data leak extortion site, stating that it would soon publicly release the
University's data. Earlier this month, Mandiant and Google began tracking a new extortion campaign
where numerous companies began receiving emails stating sensitive data was stolen from their Oracle
E-Business Suite systems. These emails came from the Clop ransomware operation, which warned that
the stolen data would be leaked if a ransom demand was not paid. While Clop would not share details
about the attack, they confirmed to BleepingComputer that they were behind the emails and that a new
Oracle flaw was exploited in the data theft attacks. "Soon all will become obvious that Oracle
bugged up their core product and once again, the task is on clop to save the day," the extortion
gang told BleepingComputer. Soon after, Oracle confirmed a new zero-day , tracked as CVE-2025-61882,
was found in the software and issued an emergency update. The Clop extortion gang has a long history
of exploiting zero-day flaws in massive data theft attacks, including: Harvard is the first
organization linked to the Oracle E-Business Suite zero-day attacks, but we will likely see more
listed over the coming days and weeks. As MCP (Model Context Protocol) becomes the standard for
connecting LLMs to tools and data, security teams are moving fast to keep these new services safe.
This free cheat sheet outlines 7 best practices you can start using today. American Airlines
subsidiary Envoy confirms Oracle data theft attack Oracle patches EBS zero-day exploited in Clop
data theft attacks Clop exploited Oracle zero-day for data theft since early August Clop extortion
emails claim theft of Oracle E-Business Suite data Rubrik confirms data theft in GoAnywhere zero-day
attack

----
Title: Hackers claim Discord breach exposed data of 5.5 million users
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/hackers-claim-discord-breach-exposed-data-of-55-million-users/
Author: Lawrence Abrams
Published: October 8, 2025
Summary:
Discord says they will not be paying threat actors who claim to have stolen the data of 5.5 million
unique users from the company's Zendesk support system instance, including government IDs and
partial payment information for some people. The company is also pushing back on claims that 2.1
million photos of government IDs were disclosed in the breach, stating that approximately 70,000
users had their government ID photos exposed. While the attackers claim the breach occurred through
Discord's Zendesk support instance, the company has not confirmed this and only described it as
involving a third-party service used for customer support. "First, as stated in our blog post, this
was not a breach of Discord, but rather a third-party service we use to support our customer service
efforts," Discord told BleepingComputer in a statement. "Second, the numbers being shared are
incorrect and part of an attempt to extort a payment from Discord. Of the accounts impacted
globally, we have identified approximately 70,000 users that may have had government-ID photos
exposed, which our vendor used to review age-related appeals." "Third, we will not reward those
responsible for their illegal actions." In a conversation with the hackers, BleepingComputer was
told that Discord is not being transparent about the severity of the breach, stating that they stole
1.6 TB of data from the company's Zendesk instance. According to the threat actor, they gained
access to Discord’s Zendesk instance for 58 hours beginning on September 20, 2025. However, the
attackers say the breach did not stem from a vulnerability or breach of Zendesk but rather from a
compromised account belonging to a support agent employed through an outsourced business process
outsourcing (BPO) provider used by Discord. As many companies have outsourced their support and IT
help desks to BPOs, they have become a popular target for attackers to gain access to downstream
customer environments. The hackers allege that Discord's internal Zendesk instance gave them access
to a support application, known as Zenbar, that allowed them to perform various support-related
tasks, such as disabling multi-factor authentication and looking up users’ phone numbers and email
addresses. Using access to Discord's support platform, the attackers claimed to have stolen 1.6
terabytes of data, including around 1.5 TB of ticket attachments and over 100 GB of ticket
transcripts. The hackers say this consisted of roughly 8.4 million tickets affecting 5.5 million
unique users, and that about 580,000 users contained some sort of payment information. The threat
actors themselves acknowledged to BleepingComputer that they are unsure how many government IDs were
stolen, but they believe it is more than 70,000, as they say there were approximately 521,000 age-
verification tickets. The threat actors also shared a sample of the stolen user data, which can
include a wide variety of information, including email addresses, Discord usernames and IDs, phone
numbers, partial payment information, date of birth, multi-factor authentication related
information, suspicious activity levels, and other internal information. The payment information for
some users was allegedly retrievable through Zendesk integrations with Discord's internal systems.
These integrations reportedly allowed the attackers to perform millions of API queries to Discord's
internal database via the Zendesk platform and retrieve further information. BleepingComputer could
not independently verify the hackers' claims or the authenticity of the provided data samples. The
hacker said the group demanded $5 million in ransom, later reducing it to $3.5 million, and engaged
in private negotiations with Discord between September 25 and October 2. After Discord ceased
communications and released a public statement about the incident, the attackers said they were
"extremely angry" and plan to leak the data publicly if an extortion demand is not paid.
BleepingComputer contacted Discord with additional questions about these claims, including why they
retained government IDs after completing age verification, but did not receive answers beyond the
above statement. As MCP (Model Context Protocol) becomes the standard for connecting LLMs to tools
and data, security teams are moving fast to keep these new services safe. This free cheat sheet
outlines 7 best practices you can start using today. Discord discloses data breach after hackers
steal support tickets Penn hacker claims to have stolen 1.2 million donor records in data breach BPO
giant Conduent confirms data breach impacts 10.5 million people Advertising giant Dentsu reports
data breach at subsidiary Merkle Google disputes false claims of massive Gmail data breach

----
Title: DraftKings warns of account breaches in credential stuffing attacks
URL: https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/draftkings-warns-of-account-breaches-in-credential-stuffing-attacks/
Author: Sergiu Gatlan
Published: October 7, 2025
Summary:
Sports betting giant DraftKings has notified an undisclosed number of customers that their accounts
had been hacked in a recent wave of credential stuffing attacks. DraftKings, a gambling company
based in Boston and founded in 2012, provides sportsbook and daily fantasy sports (DFS) services and
is an official partner of the NFL, NHL, PGA TOUR, WNBA, UFC, and NASCAR. DraftKings employs over
5,100 people and reported revenues of $4.77 billion at the end of 2024. In data breach notification
letters sent on Thursday, October 2, DraftKings informed affected customers that attackers had
gained access to their accounts and a "limited amount" of their data in attacks that bore all the
signs of a credential stuffing campaign. Credential stuffing involves attackers using automated
tools to breach user accounts with stolen username/password pairs from other online services, a
tactic that is especially effective against those who reuse credentials across multiple platforms.
The threat actors aim to take over accounts to steal personal and financial information, which can
later be sold on the dark web or used for identity theft and other malicious purposes. However, the
company said the attackers didn't access sensitive data like "government-issued identification
numbers, full financial account numbers," or other information that would've enabled them to breach
customers' bank accounts or commit identity theft. "By stealing login credentials from a non-
DraftKings source and using them in this attack, however, the bad actor may have temporarily been
able to log into certain DraftKings customers' accounts," DraftKings said . "In the event your
account was accessed, the attacker may have been able to view your name, address, date of birth,
phone number, email address, last four digits of a payment card, profile photo, information about
prior transactions, account balance, and date your password was last changed." In response to these
attacks, the company will require potentially affected customers to reset their DraftKings account
passwords and enable multifactor authentication for logins to DK Horse accounts. DraftKings also
advised customers to change their account passwords, review their bank accounts and credit reports,
place security freezes on their credit reports, and set up fraud alerts on their credit files as a
precaution. A DraftKings spokesperson was not immediately available for comment when contacted by
BleepingComputer earlier today. DraftKings also revealed in November 2022 that up to $300,000 was
stolen from accounts breached in another credential stuffing campaign. One month later, the sports
betting company refunded hundreds of thousands of dollars to 67,995 customers whose accounts had
been hacked in the incident. The FBI has warned for years that credential stuffing attacks are a
massively increasing threat due to readily available aggregated lists of leaked credentials and
automated tools. Update 10/7/25: After publishing the story, DraftKings told BleepingComputer that
the credential stuffing attacks impacted less than 30 customers. "DraftKings reported a potential
security incident involving suspicious logins to the accounts of less than 30 customers," a
DraftKings spokesperson told BleepingComputer. "Our investigation to date has observed no evidence
that the login credentials used were obtained from DraftKings or that DraftKings’ computer systems
or networks were breached. Most importantly, no customers have experienced financial loss because of
this incident." Whether you're cleaning up old keys or setting guardrails for AI-generated code,
this guide helps your team build securely from the start. Get the cheat sheet and take the guesswork
out of secrets management. ShinyHunters launches Salesforce data leak site to extort 39 victims
Jaguar Land Rover confirms data theft after recent cyberattack Financial services firm Wealthsimple
discloses data breach Texas sues PowerSchool over breach exposing 62M students, 880k Texans Penn
hacker claims to have stolen 1.2 million donor records in data breach

